
企業
日独合弁の製薬会社。
本社はフランクフルトにあり、役員の大半も
ドイツ人で占められている。
国際的に有名な製薬メーカーであり、
その資本は全世界に展開し、
各国政府中枢との結びつきも非常に強い。
その事業内容は製薬関係だけに留まらず、
娯楽施設の運営等、多岐に渡っている。

例えば、海洋テーマパーク『LeMU』の運営
（正確にはLeMUを運営する『㈱LeMU』への出資）が
それに相当する。
また細菌研究においては、全世界でも１，２を争う
研究施設を有していると言われている。
だが、その企業には裏の顔がある。
それは細菌兵器による軍事展開だ。
致死性の高いウイルスとその特効薬の開発により
各国から莫大な富を得ているらしい。

さて、細菌研究ばかりに暗部を抱えているように
思われがちだが、
製薬会社という体制が示すとおり、
薬品研究の方面でも非人道的な研究が
行われている。
人権を無視した人体実験や、非合法な薬品の
研究・開発・調合・精製、裏社会を通じての
ドラッグのマーケット展開……。

また、ある情報筋によれば、最近、
ある重化学企業と提携し、
長距離ミサイルの研究にも着手したとか。
情報工学や量子物理学の研究・開発に熱心
なのは、それもすべて軍事方面へ転用するための
投資であると言えるのかも知れない。
つまりは、
この企業の悪行を挙げればキリがないのである。
悪名高き製薬会社——
しかしそれは、世界におけるごく一部の闇に
過ぎないのだ。
</pre>
<pre>
A joint Japanese-German pharmaceutical company.%N
Its head office is in Frankfurt and the majority of its staff are German.%N
An internationally renowned drug manufacturer, its capital is generated worldwide,
and it has very strong ties with the governments of several countries.%N
The company's area of expertise isn't limited to the pharmaceutical sector, but includes
a wide range of business endeavors, such as the management%N
of recreational facilities and so on.%P
An example of this would be an ocean theme park called LeMU which the company manages
(strictly speaking, they provide funding to "LeMU Ltd.," the park management organization).%N
Additionally, regarding their microorganism research, it is said that the company owns
one of the top research facilities in the field.%P
However, this business enterprise has a hidden agenda.%N
They are, in fact, developing biological weapons for military purposes.%N
It seems that the company is amassing huge amounts of capital from several countries
for the purpose of developing highly lethal viruses and their respective cures.%N
%N
It might seem as though this microorganism research is the extent of the company's hidden dark side,
but in fact, as suggested by its public face as a company specializing in the field of pharmaceuticals,
much of their medical research%P
is conducted using inhumane practices.%N
Among their activities are using human test subjects without any regard to basic civil rights;
the research, development, synthesis, and refinement of illegal drugs;
expanding profit by trafficking their drugs on the black market....%P

Furthermore, according to certain sources, the company has recently ventured into the area of
long-range missile development as a result of its ties with a certain heavy chemical enterprise.%N
In fact, their deep involvement with information engineering-
and quantum physics-related research projects would perhaps best be explained as an investment
for the sole purpose of subsequent adoption of technologies developed thereof into military use.%P
In short,%N
it would take ages to even try and enumerate all of their wrongdoings.%N
A pharmaceutical company with a reputation this bad——%N
and yet, this is merely a glimpse of all the darkness
the world possesses.
